# Multi_purpose_robot
The Multifunction robot that is equipped with a wireless video monitoring system can be controlled through android mobile phone based on the concept of UART and android apps. Generally, Infrared or RF-based remote-controlled technology is used for controlling the Robots, but hear the mobile phone is used for controlling the vehicle, that moves in all directions depending upon the commands received through another mobile phone. The wireless video camera, which is arranged over the vehicle, and which is designed to rotate for capturing the live video of the surrounding area is also controlled through the same mobile and we can the video in the same mobile. The receiving part of the project work, from where the vehicle is controlled through a cell phone. This technology dominates the other remote controlled systems because of the unlimited range.               To prove the concept practically, one mobile phone/Bluetooth module is supposed to be attached to the robot and it is controlled by another mobile phone. After establishing a communication link between two systems(i.e., from mobile to Bluetooth module through the app), the user side mobile app and output of this Bluetooth module is fed to the microcontroller and depending upon the instructions produced by the user, the controller is programmed to control the motors independently. Three DC motors with reduction gear mechanism are used to drive the complete mechanical transmission section, depending upon the control signals, the vehicle moves in all directions and camera is also controlled independently and all the variations of the project is done partly according to the instructions given from the user.  
